[Music]
What I thought That loving no longer
existed That kisses are given away on
any
corner I thought That loving
was just a game But I look at you And I'm
dying to
have
you My life can't even
excite you And
[Music]
I will win the game The time that was
lost And I ask Every day that you are my guide
Until the last kiss that says goodbye to this
path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
in front If the world separates I'll stay
with you If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay
with you If you want me to stay I'll
stay
with you Things matter to me And
when I smile I turn around I'm with you With
you Investing my life in
excite you And
[Music]
I will win the game The time that was
lost Let
your soul be my guide Until the last
kiss that says goodbye to this path And I ask every
day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
in front Investing my life in
excite you And
[Music]
I will win the game The time that was
lost And I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you I
[Music]
ahead I
promise to bring you breakfast Every
morning I will promise that my life begins
where you
end I don't want false expectations Or to
live within a lie Yours and
mine is true despite what you
say I will remember that I walked through that
Plaza That with shame We couldn't
Even
look at each other The moment arrived And I took your hand
As we continued walking For the 12
remained silent In The big
City City City City
City that I want To
Villar the star in the sky If by my
side I have the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you'll understand what I'm
telling you You have to feel the way your heart
smiles From
[Music]
inside I
will tell you to pinch me Every day
wake up That if I argue it's to get to
know you more There
are no fogs that can darken this
[Music]
love I know that we
will go through moments that we never
imagined That the pain will be so strong  that we
will think about
leaving each other But this feeling of ours
will put in check the
wounds that fall on the soul
Respond your favor because this life is
slipping away from us Why do I want to see it
shine Why do I want to see the
star shine in the sky If by my side I have
the most beautiful in the
firmament I don't know if you will understand me And what I'm
telling you You have to feel the heart
as it smiles
Inside what I want to kiss I
want If by my side I have
firmament I don't know if you will
understand me It's a fact that And I
tell you You have to feel the heart as it
smiles
[Music]
with me
I don't know if it was
destiny I don't know how it
happened But I saw a picture of
you and this song was born for
you It was only a matter of time A walk by
the river You left and I left But I
had to call you to tell you that if you
want we can travel the world If you
want, forget about everything If you prefer,
every day We'll start over for us
If you want, in the sun I'll build you a
mansion Let the walls carry your color
With little light I like the one from your
heart Tell me if you
[Music]
want to nail yourself to me  what I
wanted to feel for so long that little shell that
makes me
laugh Give it to me that I give to you because I
know that t t swim like t there is no substitute
pass your body and as Camilo gave that
I sing to you
Like this like this it was only a matter of time
a walk by the river you left and
I left but I had to call you to
tell you that if you want I love you all over the
world you if you want Forget everything if you
prefer every day we start
over
if you want in lasra I'll build you a mansion let
the walls carry your color with little
l like the one from your
heart If you want you if you
want to be you want If you want If you want If you want it
was only a matter of time a
walk by the river you left and I
left but I had to call you to tell you that
if you
want I love you all over the world you if you want
forget everything if you prefer every day we
start over if you want in la I'll build you a
mansion and that your shell
Tell me if you want Tell me if you
want Tell me if you want you want you if you
want Oh Tell me if
[Music]
You want what I
thought love didn't exist That kisses are
given away on any
corner I thought that loving
was just a game But I look at you and I'm
dying to
have you next to me Invest my life in
exciting you And
[Music]
I will win the game The time that was
lost And I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that says goodbye to
this path And I ask every day to always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have you
I
[Music]
in front
If the world separates I'll stay with you
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you If
you want me to stay I'll stay
with you What do things matter to me And
when I smile I turn around
I'm
with you With
you Invest my life in
exciting you And
[Music]
I will win the game The time that was
lost And I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide Until the last kiss that breathes
This path I ask every day to always be able to
love you
It's the moment to
have you Oh how sick I'm getting
Oh how
[Music]
malillo does anyone know what I just did has
that been seen
live But you play it tesa you can do it
tesa You're the
boss let's see let's see I mean has what just happened to me been recorded live I mean
totally grandpa I think you're going with a bit
of delay no let's see has what just
happened been recorded live or was it or was
n't seen I mean literally
I I I missed the distance
between the bottle and my mouth I made a
mistake and I drank at this
distance as if I had it in my
mouth I thought it was a bigger bottle
I don't know what I did
honestly I mean menopause things
eh total eh things menopausal things I
have to get
fit nin says Nine Javi always smiles
Well I don't know if I smiled or cried I just got
soaked but anyway I
have the radiator here eh it was recorded it was
n't recorded they're going to give me memes on
Twitter it wasn't recorded okay I
understand let's
see me shave live But the truth is  It's that I'm
going to stain all this with
Lorena and she can, she can, she can
ask me for a
divorce but I have to shave eh during
the break with the ladies and gentlemen I'm going to shave I haven't
prepared much today we're
going to talk about some things I haven't
prepared much
[Music]
because well I haven't prepared much
because I've been out there with
Enrique Pit
pass I haven't prepared much because I've been out
there with Enrique with
Enrique eating drinking coffee I'm going to see
the members to see if I don't get
upset
Ugh it's exactly like they put the bar
nailed it's exactly like Put the
bar nailed m the kids don't get fit
I have that one for the treatment
that I'm doing daughter I've already
explained to you at least for that it's four
times a month four times this month I
have to do it four times a month and
then you keep it up eh every two
months or so it's
done I don't like being
fit too much either but I have to do it
because I don't know if I can last long I'm feeling
bad eh with my
throat I'm feeling bad I'm feeling bad with my
throat but  I've been since yesterday yesterday
Oh yesterday yesterday yesterday yesterday there are people around
here at Enrique's there are people around here at Enrique's
yesterday I didn't go to Enrique's get-together yesterday I didn't go
why didn't I go no It's an
excuse it's true I promise okay yesterday I did
n't go to Enrique's get-together
Uh I
woke up and my throat hurt now it
hurts but less but my
throat hurt and the truth is that I felt
like I was going to get
sick How fast your beard grows
Ana Josefina Well yeah let's see the truth is
that
eh we're going to control the day of the week
based on my beard like
realize that on Monday this What is water that's
stained I think eh realize that on
Monday I have afit on Mondays smoke shave
simo Okay
and back well as
the beard grows during the week well that's
how we keep track of the
day Well look it's Wednesday the beard has
n't come out yet it's Wednesday
Well look we're at we're at we're at Saturday we're at we're at we're at Sunday
the
beard is there Friday Saturday Sunday Look on
Friday there's already a little bit of beard and I
I'm doing the touch-up in the form So you
see, we're going to keep an eye on things. Well, let's
see if there will be people around here right now
or if they'll show up from Enrique's get-together
yesterday. Okay,
totally Pili, totally, daughter. The
truth is, I don't know, but my
throat hurts a lot. My throat hurts a lot. I
hope it's nothing and that tomorrow I'll
be 100% fine. The truth is, today I
went to Enrique's get-together
because I woke up and my throat hurt a lot
and I said, wow, you see,
Covid's coming back again, okay. But anyway, I took my
things, my paracetamol and my packet of things
and it went away, it went away. I
feel better, but
I'm a little bit lazy, p, chochote, puchote,
pochote, pochote. Enrique got
this today when I went to eat with him and
had coffee with him and he gave me this.
Enrique, okay, this is because the ladyship,
well, the poor thing came with a detail for me
and I didn't go then, man, [ __ ], I
feel bad, I really feel bad, but a
kiss, a kiss to the
people how Enrique told me that he loved me
the
person gatola can be
gatola there is someone who is gatola no or
gatul or something like that
no gatola
this is a crime you know it No this is a
crime now gatolin has brought me
these here which are bones clear and clear
Ah I am here at night
working gatola it was not a cat fin cat
fina it could be there is no fine cat tesa
Thanks beautiful my tesa Hey family Later I will
say it when there are more people and my Elena
Elena Hey
Elena well Elena this week I am not going to
give you anything eh this that I am going to
open Elena this week I don't know what
you will think let's see I will change I am not going to
call you both days I am not going to call the
same ones I will call one tomorrow and the other
on Wednesday but I was thinking
gato fra okay Well then send
gato fra my thanks
man how angry man that
I couldn't be there for the next one I
told Enrique that
100% I will give him a kiss on the mouth No man
no let's see This Enrique told me that it is
like honey and I say this will be
divine
no
or what do I do gato fra  with
this he
says well it tastes good to me well it tastes good to me let's
see The Movida Elena It's that this over here
that cold cat wants me to get fat
Ah that's why he has a cat here that's why he
put a cat no and then Enrique pom
brings some keychains from the new merch that he
put on his channel
okay This is the one that I like the most
actually this one It's cool also the logo the logo I
gave it to Enrique the logo you
know that my people designed it and I
gave it to him the logo the logo
So like something we have there in
common is not pretty it's not pretty because
[ __ ] [ __ ] it's the logo of your channel it's
something very significant not that he has a
logo on his channel that he
gave to his friend Javi
Elena Well let's see Elena what happens is
that I was thinking I don't know what
people will think okay in the end the channel is
yours and you decide I was
thinking about
moving the debate with
you all to
Wednesday So I think yes,
Wednesday It's a good idea because there are more
topics
eh There are more topics there are more gossip and so on
no but yes it's true that there are also
like many aleos this  weekend
So I'm thinking this week of
trying to do one tomorrow cold cat in
the chat cold cat a kiss if you're
watching me queen Thank you very much, I'm
really sorry about Enrique for not being
able to go, it's because I was really sick, it's
because I set the alarm, look, I have
the
test here, I have the test here that I set
the alarm for myself,
look, I
set the alarm for 10 to
postpone it until 13 and to go to
the appointment
but I am, I am
very sensitive, I have
very low defenses, I have
very low defenses or my TT who has given away another
10, let's see, personally, on the one hand, I think that's it,
okay, I think this week would merit
two debates with these
people, of course, calling
some people on Monday and
others on Wednesday, okay, let's see, Alan Enrique, they
're always invited And then if it's
convenient for them, they both come and then the
other two. Well, they rotate. I call JJ, I
call
Carmen, we try to get them to go, they
rotate, not that they rotate, but
this week I think it would be
interesting to put two debates, one tomorrow
and another one on Wednesday, which is
Magazine Day, and tomorrow to
discuss everything that's happened this
weekend, Marta Riesco, Antonio David, Olga, and
so on,
eh, I don't know how you see it, tell me, Okay,
and what if they also want to come? Of course,
I imagine that, man,
that there will be someone,
no, that's
it. On the one
hand, that's it. On the other
hand, also, also, It
's true that, well, let's see, it gives me
a bit of a FJ, we have to call it too, FJ,
FJ, of course, of course. Let's see. Look, for the moment, the
collaborators, no,
Enrique, JJ,
FJ,
Carmen, Luca, she can also be called, eh,
Luca, no, Luca has a hard time, she's usually
very busy during the day, Elena, my
Elena, okay, I'll do it directly with my al
this week, I don't know if we'll invite you,
Elena, what day? Of course, Elena, the day
that I go. Tell me, so we can
carry out, so we can
carry Elena, who else, who else,
we said, who else, we
said, Marina. I'm looking forward to Marina coming. Luca, Luca, we
have to tell her. Yes,
Luca, we have to tell her, Luca is
very busy during the day, and then Luca
Well, you know, she tells me at the
last minute and it's a bit but oh well, I
hope Luca can come one of the
two days, yes, Luca is a machine eh.
I would like Carmen to come tomorrow,
honestly, I'm indiscreet so that there can be an
exchange of opinions here with respect.
igay, she's a machine. Carmen eh.
mmm. Well, I think that we can
set up one on Monday and another on Wednesday.
I think so. The truth is that it's
true that the issue of the schedule
is getting on my nerves a bit.
Because there are so many people doing live
at the same time that it's complicated. eh. It's
complicated, yes, it's true that on the one
hand I don't really care because, as I've already
told you, this isn't a race or anything like that.
But man, maybe at another
time or at ours, which was
10:30. I don't know if it's true, but of course,
starting at 10:30 and finishing at
12:30 means that I either don't make it into the little guy
or that they give me so much, you
know, the meeting of the lordship for
when we have to have a meeting for the
Gentlemen, well, it will be planned, hoop has
given away a member very well. That's another
important point. Thank you for
reminding me, it bothers us, it bothers
us a little. I
say, uh, so if it doesn't matter to you, okay,
the kids
are 2,100 members and you are
1,900 with how old we are. Here I
ask, uh, I ask,
[ __ ], will FJ be in the next debate?
eh? Of course, if he
wants. Yes, of course, tomorrow I'll invite him if he wants. Yes,
also, FJ is handling this topic.
Antonio David Marta and such. Yes, tomorrow,
tomorrow I'm going to invite FJ if he wants to
come. Oh, by the way, I have an audio of FJ
that I have to listen to. I'm going to listen to it now.
Wait, I'm going to mute. I'm going to
listen to it now because he
sent it to me. It's just that I lost it. Come on, I'm
going to listen to it while
people come in and give it a
like.
Damn, the poor ugly guy. I
need. Ah, I need to move a lot of
things here, man. Because I think he can
get more out of the team. Isa. Thank you very much, Isa. Thank you
very much. Let's see. Isa, tet
tesa. It bothers you. It bothers you.
cold cat a kiss Look at her
cold cat cold cat what happens to Tesa
is that she gets a little bit creepy No Tesa what
happens to Tesa is that she gets a little bit creepy that there
are two of them no also I also
see it as so-so eh I mean I think here I think
here we would have power m
what can I tell you what can I tell you Tesa Hey and
Ivan and
Lanne where are they I think we would have
power here eh For about 5000 no
calm down don't
realize that nothing that is true
dominates yes girl but it's that I always
tell him The kid FJ we don't have to mess around
here pin Pam and we configure all this we
put it here all nice so that the
camera looks as good as possible the spotlights
or I mean if in reality I have a great
team here I mean I have some
[ __ ] awesome spotlights a camera that is
very good I have three monitors here
good things what happens is that I don't know how to
use Look you know what happens to me a
lot of nothing
queen of the world Thank you very much
jambada  eh you know what happens to me a lot
that people and when I say people
especially no it doesn't happen
because of course you would be the
ladies No I tell this a lot to
the kids to the kids
to the kids I tell them a lot
but of course from the kids' point of view
you would be from the
ladies' point of view no and I
tell them a lot that a lot of times
the neighbors, my friends, my mother or
whatever they start to to to call me Or to tell me to
ask me to fix I don't
know what's on their computer I mean the fact that
I act like an idiot in front of a
camera doesn't mean that I understand
computers I mean I know how to connect here
because I have no other choice but there
are people who think that because I'm
young and handsome I know about computers and like
I don't know about computers I don't have a
clue I don't have a
clue I don't have the slightest
idea that has to be done for me he's
telling me Play background music he
has to do those things for me FJ I
think you have to buy like a little
gadget that  It says here you put
sounds and it puts music I don't know I don't
know the truth But well we will see
all those things we will see eh Let's see I think I think I think
that out of respect eh It is no longer
mandatory of course it is
completely it is completely free
today we are going to talk about various topics
that I have prepared here eh To
release several
extracts today I am going to talk about various
topics that I have prepared here
to release several extracts dareol it's
true dareol I also want to invite him it's
true dareol I will invite him for
Wednesday if he can if he can and
wants for Wednesday I am going to invite him
eh it
's free eh I mean enjoy the channel it
's free Look my leoni has given away
five more let's see I think here with
900 people that we are tesa nothing more than
each one will give away I'm not telling you
I'm not telling you to give away 10 or 20 like
you have done tesa but nothing more each
person will give away five members
tesa nothing more than each one will give away
five
members how much would it be if each one gives away
member 4 or  5000 members wouldn't be
Divine No look my leonia let's go leonia has been
here all her life All her life
leonia has been here just because exactly Rosa just
because I'm handsome people think she's a
computer scientist and it's like let's see this
face is not configured
computer-wise this face I have to be
working on it says abduscan it doesn't touch me at all of
course aroa Thank you very much aroa another
five I think Look says tesa with five let's go
to Scandal I think that with
each of you giving away
five we'll get one over on us
eh while we watch
the gossip here
eh we'll get one over on us
eh whoever wants eh whoever wants this
channel to reach so many
good things to
see various topics okay the
first one
let's go to the heart let's gossip let's go to
the news
wait because they just gave away more you I'm
going to work I'm not going to work too
not to deserve the members I'm not going to
work too to deserve the
members give myself when it happens when it's
happening a little bit when it's
happening a little bit Hey by the way By the
way before we start it's
working Cool  the
WhatsApp group no more than 2000 people more than
2000 people in the
WhatsApp group I'm going to say that we're here live
By the way I haven't
said it just gave away another five
members rice person Thank you very much
Ray a
kiss well let's see eh let's be honest
let's be honest
completely completely honest
okay And I want you all to give me
your opinion and above all it would be
interesting if someone from the
gentlemen if you have seen it okay because
I still haven't given it a chance but
surely surely during the afternoon
tomorrow I will probably watch it
yes it's true that there are many clips on
Twitter but but they can't be posted
because it belongs to Netflix no So it
is paid content and it's more
complicated logically have you seen every
man for himself on
Netflix if there are people around here who have
seen it please send me audios to the
phone number of the visa or or to Instagram
okay send me audios and tell me your
opinion because I like to be honest I like to be honest I
like to be objective
I know that it would sell a lot and I
would applaud a lot if I put the
big puncture of  Slvame also fails
on Netflix But the reality is that it's not
worth it I imagine that there will have
even been many headlines not saying that
almost a failure that the numbers don't add up
yes it's true that I would love to have
real data Marilu Thank you beautiful another
five Marilu well well well well well
Come on come on family come on
family what are we going to give away five
members each person is worth five
members each person we break
YouTube today okay Also I'm feeling bad Also I'm feeling
bad Hey it would be it would be a detail
Hey can I take the honey that
the cold cat gave me The
cold cat this like this What do I do
with this
now so that I now so that I
do this and I put it in the
warm milk and it's to wax
these balls be it will be this that you that
V like this can't be speaking the gossip
Javi it's that I mess around with the little one I mess around
with the little one I in the little one I have another
vocabulary that I am more of I that I know that I am
more so I am more like this okay let's see
the reality the
reality would be a cake eh that I that I
believed  that this is to
pour milk on it and that it is to
wax so this way that it does to you like
this and you hit The scream would not be it would be
a stick it would be a stick it would be a displeasure it would be
a displeasure let's see the
objective data okay the objective data
okay it is like this or so it is like this
okay wait I'll share it there because I have to
adjust the
camera a kiss Carmen ascensio has
given Carmen five other members Hey
what am I saying you
are
applauding you are applauding everyone
who is giving away
because we have to be
grateful We have to be grateful to
everyone who is giving away member
okay So everyone who is giving away
member a round of applause thank you very much
Hey in the
end in my puny way it is perfect pme
puny way is good puny way is not
bad you guys have a lot of fun
but it takes me a lot of visits to the
game what
puny way puny way stayed in
2018 okay listen to me it is number one it
is number one all weekend
since
Friday it is number
one it is number
one this is a reality or so this is
objective that I don't  are you going to put it
in the comments box now because you
took a picture with Jorge Javier
are you defending it no that it's that I
'm not defending it that it's that
we're talking about the 10 the 10
most popular series today in this country Spain
because this country is Spain
okay it's number
one this looks like it has
worked for me I would love
eh I would love to know real data like
how many people is that
How many members are we Javi well I
would have to add up those of us who have been in
this live now we do it okay It's that
this is like this it's that this is like this or it's that it's
number one I think
I'm not wrong When I say and bticino
that people want to save me
Why Because they removed a
program that you want it or not, well it has a
lot of substance it has a lot of movement Oh
but it disgusts me it's that they mess
with
people a lot it's that the numbers it's that
the numbers and no other
program has come out that you say good substitute
I'm hooked on this program it's
been a while people
miss it And it's there that I haven't
seen eh r another five of r my goodness
Thank you beautiful Thank you sweetheart now I look
to see how long we have a round of applause for stop
ro
eh what can I tell you Hey r you have to send me I don't
know what it wasn't they sent me something
but not
everything what can I tell you it could be because of morbidity it could be because of
this For what but it
seems to me that the second season is
coming then at number two on Netflix
is Christ the King which surprised me
because I had no idea that this had been
released on Netflix the truth is
that I loved it I saw it on Antena 3 at the
time I paid to see it Antena 3 and I
loved it and I imagine that if it's
number two because
a lot of people have seen it too okay I get along well with
Jaime Lorente by the way one day I'm going to
bring him one day I'm going to bring him I
love him eh I mean how he does it he acts very
well I mean he suits the role he nails it
man he nails it he nails it the bastard and and
Beln
Cuesta I love it comoara r too the
truth is that I liked the series
a lot it's very rare that I get  a
series like this eh but I swallowed it
because I liked it a lot so The
Movida The
Movida The Movida is that if all goes well
Well there will be a daily salvame on Netflix
in Stream
okay I would love to I mean I would love to
see the translation of these numbers we
are talking that During the three
days that it has been going it has remained at
number one okay I would love to see how that
translates into
numbers I would love to see it okay let's see
eh
[Applause] eye
eye what he has
done Look at the
screen it will be let's
see they are quite common names in
Spain I also tell you but it could be it
couldn't be
no Hey, you have given a
member to Roco
Flores You have given a
member to Roscio Flores squeeze him a little squeeze him a little and we give another one to Antonio David who could have already become a member Antonio David Yeah eh also eh I also tell you let's see audios of the gentlemen this Well in short a pain not at all funny Lidia crying
anyway a
mess I mean let's see I'm going to go to Instagram
to see if you have sent me any audio I
mean it is quite likely that there is  a
lot of movement in watching it but for morbid subject matter
not for subject matter, let's see what happens, let's see what
comes out,
no
David valde but
on Netflix they are very
satisfied we have already planned a
second season we knew where we
wanted to go and see how they behave
but the reactions of the collaborators
were natural what is striking
is their
relationship outside of a
set and then we have this interview
on the subject promotion not that they have done
on YouTube Lidia Lozano and Mara Patio let's
listen to it what I see is that
now there are no memes of the people who are
working anymore How that they are working they
are not funny Ah okay But you know
why Because after having been
so many years in Slvame I see everything
very still then everyone like yes
everyone doesn't move So it's
as if I saw a television at 33
revolutions which is amazing because
in all the programs that have
ended Well yes when Tmbola ended
by your side such well the people on the street
Oh I saw you no it's that now
people stop me on the street to say
please come back Slvame or whatever  it's just
so nice and people know about
Netflix because it's there I love that they've
got us Well she's still on socialite
Obviously it gives me life to watch her on
SOS and Sundays because it
reminds me a lot of Slvame but I think that
people really miss us a lot and that's an honor to be able to say
because it's
palpable
Well what are you going to say no also I'll
tell you Well maybe now when that is
published and people watch it they will
stop missing them and they
miss them more we're
not going to the next topic but thank you very much
for the members eh Thank you very much
for the members with the nonsense
well I just left pinned in the
chat the WhatsApp group in case you want to
enter Okay I'll let you know there of
all the news and all the
live shows and any little thing I want to
talk to you about Hey they should put in
the WhatsApp broadcast group that audio
can be sent man so that I
can be sending you audio during the day
too the truth
and honestly the truth is I miss the
audio issue no you don't
agree
with the nonsense  80 members you're almost
at 80 members that's fine but
everything that everyone does it that everyone
gives away five members it's
impossible no that everyone gives away
five members No no that's impossible no
that doesn't work it wouldn't be it would be
a basile no this
no how do you see it Mimi that each one
gives away CBR how do you see it do you see it possible
[Music]
impossible I'm thinking about
little things I'm thinking about little things but I don't know I'm
thinking about little things but I don't know
Javi can you explain to you FJ about the audios about the audios
What is
tesa about the audios what is it thanks
Mara Jess beautiful about the audios what
is tesa I don't know what you
mean we're talking about that well
when the live is over we'll add it up no
but we're talking about that we'll almost almost
reach 2000 again
No well I liked it
joir I'm already in the group
okay let's watch a video
eh that Jack of
hearts uploaded with some
news I don't know what the news is about if I
tell you the truth
the title caught my attention and well like  I just came from lunch
so no, I haven't had a chance to
find out much about the atmosphere,
yes, we're going to watch something after
Antonio David, okay, about the topic
we've been talking about, but this title
caught my attention and I wanted to watch it
with you all, okay, Beln Esteban celebrates
her 50th birthday with Miguel Marcos and
save me with half of Tele5 and Antena 3, I
imagine that with half of Tele5 and
Antena
3 you're referring to, well, it's that now all
the collaborators, friends, and so on
are on Antena 3, so I understand that
the chas will go there. Ah, the
WhatsApp audios, well, let's see, they haven't
sent me any audio. What do you want me to tell you,
Tesa, they haven't sent me any audio, if they
had sent me any, if you sent me audios,
I'll put them in anyway. Yes, it's
true that I have to put a phone number
for this audio of the calls
and things, okay, because the same
phone number for the visas is a mess because
this phone is not for that and you
're going to ruin things for me, because this is
for
work, the people I love.  my friends
of always, I mean they
are the friends of
real life, come on,
teacher, join us and I'm the
teacher and what the hell is he doing? He's mixed
up in all the
messed up things. What the hell is the
teacher doing? He's mixed up in all
the messed up things, man, I don't get it, I do
n't understand it, I'm really
telling you. Oh, for me to put audios in the
WhatsApp group but there isn't one, there's no
audio button in the WhatsApp group, there is no
audio button because there is no audio button, there is a
photo button but there is no audio button
and apart from that, they have to give me verification
because I don't know why they don't give it to me. Melisa, a
kiss, I asked Auron the other day
and he says, now I'll send you the form and
there he left me, man,
what is the teacher doing? I know that
all the messed up things are happening, they see you. The
40 Principales the other day giving out an
award. And you say, but who is this? You
know I don't
understand this? He's a boyfriend, a boyfriend
who goes with him, or he's not a boyfriend or he's a
friend. Well, there you have it,
Beln Esteban's multitudinous birthday.
50 years celebrated at the
capital theater one of the top clubs in
Madrid this time they didn't rent the whole
club but uh they rented a large
private room uh because it was an incredible amount of
people people from tele5 people from
Antena 3 and also great absences
let's analyze this half century of
Beln Esteban uh celebrated in
style I can already tell you that her 10,000
euros has been given
at this celebration we
start but Jack but Jack Why have you
taken a
toll Why have you taken a toll Jack
a kiss Magi Magi just gave away another
five but oh well but oh well but oh well
but what a madness I'm going to put on I'm going to get a
piercing I'm going to put on ping that Enrique gave me I
don't know if I'm going to
keep it no there's no way to
get it a kiss Vanessa a
[Music]
kiss
Well then you have Beln Esteban
celebrating this birthday she arrived
accompanied by her husband Miguel Marcos she was
wearing an impossible look she was wearing a jacket
coat then they just
asked me on WhatsApp if
Marta is going to enter the
live show at the moment  As far as I know, no, but
let's go if Marta wants to come in
quietly, she's very quiet. I think it
's a good day for Marta to come in, some
kind of hooded shirt, eh. I don't know, it's
all very strange, eh, she came with a few
lifelong friends, you've heard about her
before, my lifelong friends, but the thing is that none
of her lifelong friends' faces are familiar to me. In fact, I
think I see
one of the boys in the crowd who is
Anabel Pantoja's friend, the one who
represented her, the one who defended her on
Survivor, you're in all of them. In
any case, neither
Marib nor
Latina appeared there, there's no kind of image that,
eh, makes us think that they attended the
birthday party and this is already quite,
quite strange. FL would be here you can
see her better. Aeln Esteban in a brilli brilli look
with a bag. Well, the truth is, well, yes, a
night look. Well, that night light look, let's see, let's see.
eh. I think that right
now with the piercing it would be more
discreet than Pelen Esteban in that suit, it's all about
taste, eh. It's all
about taste, eh. It's all about taste, eh. It's all about
taste. Hey, maybe you guys  would you buy the
dress would you
buy this suit Yes Tesa you would
buy this suit you would buy it
Tesa certainly much better than the one she
wore in
2021 which was horrible in that
general's suit eh I don't know if you remember eh this one certainly
suits her more and I
think it suits her better her and her husband
Miguel Marcos posed for the press there
were a lot of reporters there but
a lot eh there were even these ones
partying who came out yesterday the one from Europa
Press and also eh this one from Europa Press
Sergio Sergio Sergio is going to come eh
Sergio is going to come to telesalseo it also
happens that he is busier the poor thing he
is exhausted from work but
Sergio has to come our Sergio who is a friend
of Marina we were with him You little rascal of the
lizard you don't come out
old Hey hey sorry
isy Sorry
isy that that It hurt me eh isy that hurt me
eh What do you mean the lizard doesn't come out
to see it's not that the lizard doesn't come out
to see if I come out I have I have things I
have things the other day  I bought other
different things from other brands The thing is that
and trust me eh I don't
love it Thank you very much I don't usually
buy new season stuff
Because in Seville there isn't
any new season store that you can find in some Corte
Ingls or something like that no And if I buy
something new season it's because maybe I
knew when I went to Madrid that there is
a store on Gran Va the other day in
Oporto but no I
almost never buy new season stuff Because
here in Seville there aren't any unless you
order online And such But well to
not make myself sick I don't wear it But yes it's
true that I
love that brand I love I
love El Lagarto I love it I
love everything the quality how everything looks on you I love it I love it and I love the
clothes It's that I love
clothes and it's a problem it's a problem
when I go to the Factory or something it's
a problem because I like I
really like the style that
Burberry has I don't have anything I don't have
anything for me I really
liked a Burberry jacket
but it's not mine for my wife for me  Woman I
liked it but she said trust you that
she said that she didn't like it
and buy it online my son leonia but it's that
no I'm not much of a spender of
money on clothes Eh I'm not much of a
spender of money on clothes The truth is that
I go walking I go
accompanying Lorena or I go eh or I go for
a walk around the mall
and I see something that I like and I say wow I
like it and I buy it but I don't really go out
to buy clothes unless I say
Oy Well today I have what I tell you an
interview I'm going to buy something and I go I
buy something you know but the thing is I love it I love
everything I
love everything about that brand the
truth is they should sponsor me really they
should
sponsor me I like Estefana a lot
yes it's true that the
new part that has come out now like for
kids that has the crocodile like
very big like very university like very very
big very very very cartoonish
no that no that no I mean I'm a little bit
more than that she said that Chenoa was going to be a
witness at her wedding and no  I know how many things
that I never remember the name Ivan Ivan
reboso I think his name is eh Well
there you see Miguel's look I just do
n't understand he's wearing like that
kind of jacket coat but then he's
wearing like I don't know I don't know if it's a shirt
with a hood or another jacket
underneath I don't know really weird And on top of that he's carrying
like another jacket that I don't
know if it's Beln's Well the truth is that
Miguel's look is indescribable it's
calling me What's up here the boy is wearing
a coat point attention that as soon as
they arrived and maestro
Joao arrived with his boyfriend and he says the
crocodile is very expensive already hga it's very expensive it's very
expensive but the thing is that I almost
never buy it in season
So it doesn't cost you that much anymore it's more
or less I mean if you don't buy it in
season the following year after two
years it costs almost like you know Yes more or
less it costs you maybe like like
other
good clothes but nevertheless it's not
necessary also many times expensive clothes
eh I don't see you either I
'm not very very good  choosing my light I don't
know the truth is something catches my eye I
put it on and that's it you know I mean it's not
like me but for example There are clothes
from my cousin that I bought at my
cousin's and I love how they look on me or or
I love wearing them because they are
very comfortable because I like them or whatever you
know I mean not everything Always if
something is expensive or
cheap and and they were put there for the photo
like some more I have some r6 that
I love from my cousin two that I bought
one in red and another in navy blue that I
wear
a lot and they cost 5 each
man when I tried them on at the fitting
I said that I really like how they look on me I do
n't know how much 5 euros each and and and there they are They have been
around for at least 3 years maybe
easily three or four years and
there they are Flama because I said [ __ ]
this probably nothing if I wash it it will go
to [ __ ] or I don't know you know something there c
paos but so you can see
eh True I was a little unaware of this
friendship but well the truth is that nothing  I'm
surprised I just don't understand the
teacher's look I'll leave it in the
comments because I really don't
know I don't like the primary well quasar eh
from Disney there are always some collections and
a well of dis not from Disney for
children there is always an assortment there are
always assortments Ah I don't know about Lady from the
Salamanca neighborhood Eh they are telling me
privately doesn't it surprise you that
Roco Carrasco isn't going to Beln's birthday Let's
see, they are not friends either no they are not
friends there was a bit of faker
and the whole thing with the issue of the
party at the TV factory but they
are not friends I mean in fact Rosio
Carrasco did not take the lawsuit against Beln
until the end
and an indescribable look H
one of the first to
arrive was Marta Lpez Alamo
Kiko Matamoros' wife who arrived without him he arrived
later she posed eh
Beln Esteban had not arrived yet eh But well I was
surprised that they did not arrive together in
any case no there doesn't have to be
any crisis because the last thing
we have seen in their stories has been  the
two of them watching those three episodes of
Netflix of every man for himself and here
Kiko Matamoros who arrived a little
later eh the
truth is well with a pretty
cool suit In my opinion eh that jacket with
that print the truth is that it suits him
quite well And on me it's a suit that
I particularly like in the background you can see
a little bit of the price list for
example to give you an idea a
vanilla ice cream 12 eh To
give you some ice cream Well a
nice ice cream eh
eh idea of the money that moves in
this place the former reporter of slvame
now collaborator of fiesta and of the
program let's see Quique Calleja with
his wife and Oh no me va a salir Raquel
Abad Raquel Abad eh Well then
they both arrived the truth is also among those
who arrived earlier and and
well I told you that there were people from
Antena 3 and here you have Mara Patio
with Gema Lpez and Claro that
Antena 3 tells you that they are Claro ura fa
Eh well the image is quite
significant eh Mara Patio holding
Gema Lpez's arm eh At
least it catches my attention it's
not like Slvame Slvame I
'm still on TV Slvame but
right now I want to go to Javi he
let you throw alne totally totally
sure that she has gone where to see no Let's
see let's
catch her she has gone where to see but
come on I'm telling you now look I think it
goes like that these photos Look look at the
betrayal Look at the betrayal
brother Look at the betrayal
brother my goodness my goodness what
dagger what
[Music]
dagger another Channel Vctor Sandoval He
was also there Just kidding later I'll block it
here Vctor Sandoval who is one of
the protagonists of this
Netflix installment of every man for himself the truth
is that he stars in one of the
most hilarious surreal episodes
that I have seen on television going to
the house where he lived with Nacho
realize brother Ivn I don't understand eh Ivn
no I don't understand Ivn man the truth O  well I
feel a little a little Tommy now and
no and I'm not talking about the vests eh
what snitches but what snitches it's not that
people Look for me it's that it's
Logical it's a runa gey eh it's an alanne it
's a red flag but alive eh
for it in Miami well you have the video from
yesterday that I left commenting on the
first three chapters but really I was laughing my head off
with what
he was telling me with How he translated a
neighbor Oh how funny please Look at the
hearts he says he laughed with the
slvame thing with Netflix plus Antena 3 and
tele5 Pilar Vidal with Lidia Lozano
Lidia well Pilar Vid is now also
a little everywhere she's circulating a
lot in the written press and on
Spanish television Lozano was also there who
came without her husband I say it because there is
one no it's not jealousy Hey it's not jealousy
nobody nobody knows what they have until they
lose it she will know there is a rumor some
rumors Well that her husband is not
Anne free  but what do you think this is
Angeles, we have to respect this, eh This
is not a hippie commune, nothing in good health, I don't know, I don't know if there's any
truth to it
but it's true that this
news came out recently, eh Well, I don't
know, they, the two of them have
now become a couple, no, because we
see them together everywhere, we saw them
together at Kiko
Hernndez's wedding And well, it seems that they've
become very good
friends, this one, I don't know if you recognize her, it
's Cristina Soria, who was the coach of
Slvame and also the wife of one of the
directors, interestingly, the director of
Espejo Pblico, watch out because there's been
talk that there could be new
additions to Espejo Pblico and well,
maybe they could do a little fishing among
the people of Slvame, eh the
truth is the look that she's
wearing, I don't know, that jacket, I don't know if it's
for a disco night look, it does
n't suit me But well, and more shock
Antena 3 Tele5, eh On the one hand, the
director of Slvame, the director of Slvese
quien puede Netflix Antena 3 Tele5 and  tel
nothing I'll
stop Carlota sliding in teparo
Carlota sliding there is no network that
dares Javi tell me how the idea
of making a channel for women and another for
kids came about if it's not bothering a parenthesis
because it is told many times antigona from
sfo on the main channel I began to
deal with the subject of arrosito the documentary
not because of not because of changing content I
talk more about gossip about the
kids' gossip about youtubers
and some viral things from the Internet
But it is true that I dealt with topics like
this not about
false accusations of complaints like that
weird about skipping the presumption of
innocence and Well a little controversial
no So I started dealing with it is I started
dealing with the subject of the
docuseries and since that video decided to
upload it also to Facebook on Facebook it
went very viral and I brought
everyone to YouTube which is where it is
monetized And then the move was
that by getting together here with people who made
exclusive content of the heart not about
this thing about the lady well  of course it
was there for a year it was stuck for a
year or two the channel was stuck or a year and a
half more or less not that much no no not that much
not because you think it's gossip I think in
August a few months the
main channel and the little one mixed
with topics of the kids and with topics of
the lady a kiss racel Thank you very much
queen you are loved beautiful Hey we
continue with the challenge of five
members eh we continue with the challenge of
five members each one that
is here in short the
YouTube algorithm punishes you you can't
upload everything to the same channel okay
imagine if I uploaded everything I do
in a single channel if I
have what I tell you 2 million
visits on the main 5 or 6 million
visits on the secondary and three or 4
million that have telesalseo Hey
you say you [ __ ] Well if you did it all in
one you would have 10 or 12 million visits
on the channel but you can't mix topics
Why Because when you when
a topic is working for you YouTube
recommends it to users who  have
seen the following video if
the users who have seen it like that video they will
recommend the next one okay but of course
if you put a song by Rubius another
song by Antonio David a song by Johnny
dep another song by Agustn 51 Then you
destroy the algorithm you
destroy it so my idea was to copy
the format of people who upload
short videos like vital this one too not
like a two or three minute video
commenting on the news and outside what
happens is that it is true that that
format does not finish me Now there is
a short format like that on the channel
eh that we upload it at the schedule that
maybe we don't have an extract or
whatever but I like them more it's that
such short videos the truth is I don't know if it's
my thing Yes in October around there Ana
Mndez but basically it was separate separate
separate with
content Javi at my son's school I have
recommended you very well Ana Thank you very much
queen And what have the teachers told you
Carlota corredera is the
director she is the presenter of slvame
ahora
youtuber also it's true what
Carla says says the live shows were very
confusing  we didn't know when it was from
Carlota corredera or from ru Of course of course and I'm
not going to leave either of the two topics
obviously neither of the two
topics that happens looked at in main what it
has is that let's say he has
100,000 subscribers
from when he was against Dallas
another 100,000 from when he was in favor
of Dallas another
100,000 from the Roso Carrasco topic another 100,000 from the Johnny
dep topic that I also blew there eh
eh it's a mixture of algorithm there that
the subscribers
no longer even know what they're subscribed to So now and now the content of the main Channel is going to be from youtubers the news and some interviews or some criticism okay but but it's not mixed anymore if now the John ID topic came back for example something similar would do it here on
telesalseo
Ral Prieto on the far left
eh Joaqun Torres' partner in turn
also a collaborator of Espejo pblico
that he passed he didn't pose eh for this
he directly went to the nightclub and
the person who is  between Ral and Carlota
corredera what happens is that in this
photo you can't see him well it's Mikel Bals who
is also copres presenter of Espejo
Pblico and boyfriend of David Valde Peras so well
here is an incredible mix eh there
were people who were taken into these
images like Anabel Pantoja eh as I
said she celebrated yesterday Sorry on Friday
with Beln and with Miguel in an intimate
And then the party Well
Anabel also signed up who yesterday did not stop she
was with an event of you know the
1111 and Well the truth is that I don't know
where this girl gets so much time
But well eh absences absences there was
Kiko Hernndez Chelo Garca Corts who
were part of that
Netflix adventure jorv
rael Boo even not that they boasted so much
of friendship but above all well and
Andrea Janeiro but Andrea Janeiro is
in the United States but above all the
absence that has caught my
attention the most has been that of her friends Marib
and Tina there must have been that r carras
not her friend really
something happened I don't know exactly what But
well then  nothing eh more than 10,000 bucks
man of course but he doesn't care it
really wouldn't matter no let's
see I wanted to put a certain part I
wanted to put a certain part of Although we have already
discussed it
okay tomorrow I will probably organize a
debate and we will discuss all this gossip
as well but I wanted to put this part
Look Joe put it here for me with a
subtitle and everything a little message for Marta
Riesco okay I mean I think the message is
very clear who it is for there are a lot of
people who have believed that it was going to be a
youtuber or something like that this
person who is in the media there are
a lot of people who have not understood the
messages or in other words there is a big message here
okay here there is a message in general he speaks
of himself in the third person they said that
well
that no one talked about that person anymore
because that person did not sell that person
was dead and nobody talked about that
person and that person well
articles or anything like that were no longer coming out that person eh I think I
remember one day he said no
here it goes out for all those who have said that
Antonia Avid is no longer of interest that Antonia
Avid  he no longer gives visits that Anton Avi does not
sell okay or so here it goes for them
calmly boom for you
I would not talk about his private life anymore
that I would not do any exclusives I think it's been
like Well maybe almost two and a
half years Maybe a little more and it turns out that he stopped
talking about his private life I think that at
some point he had to make some
kind of clarification right but without
speaking and staying firm in that
decision that that person made eh in all
honesty here there is Well a
point a little bit
negative which would be that I don't know what they have
offered him and what they haven't I mean
because you can say no no I do
n't sell my private life anymore but also
maybe it's that they don't offer it to you I don't
know okay but another positive point is that
I think he could also earn a
good amount of money doing it on his
YouTube channel and he hasn't done it okay it has been
curiously JJ is that he is
referring to himself in the third person is
that there are people who have not understood the
messages That's why I'm going to watch it again
okay let's see if you don't
agree with me on the messages because I
think he has left it well  clear and in
these last few days I've been splashed by
a controversy
where a couple I don't know if they have broken up according to
what I've seen out there Here yes he talks about
Olga and Agustn is that there are people who
believe that now when he talks about that they have
broken up when he claims that someone has broken up
he is confirming that Olga and Agustn have broken up he does not confirm it here if he talks
about the supposed breakup of Olga and Agustn
when he talks about a breakup and
confirms it he talks about himself okay look
listen to it eh They have not broken up if it is a
montage if it is not a montage Antonio
David surely thinks the same as me
montage if I don't have a [ __ ] idea
what it is or what it is not because it is not
my life it does not interest me And they took advantage of
some images of one of those people
who was the protagonist of That couple
that seems to have broken up look look Listening to
this will give you an idea of
what it is or what it is not because it is not
my life it does not interest me And they took advantage of
some images of one of those people
who was the protagonist of That couple
that seems to have broken up Olga where it
was  having a drink with her
ex-husband at 12:00 at night neither
12 nor one nor two nor three No, here he
denies what the cuerni says about them having a drink
Until 3 This
is not like Well until 3 at least
because the cuerni said they were there Until
3 when she left the person who took
this photo left and they stayed there the
song coincided They
chatted and that was it that person
was with their group of friends and they found
this other person there with their group of
friends having a drink but those images
catch my attention it's great that they've
used it now
to if possible create even more controversy
or I don't know if they should divert the controversy or I don't know
if they should use it so that there really is an
interest in promoting something that perhaps not
even they themselves are capable of
promoting that comment that comment is
going straight for Agustn eh there he's
telling you that he doesn't know by the way you know
what people are saying I'm not
going to confirm it because I don't know okay
but people are saying that
this cuern has the same manager as Let's see
wait  But where do you see
that the horn has the same manager as
Marta Riesco and that's why Marta Riesco
Because Marta Riesco commented on that photo,
watch out that the
horn where does
the horn put it,
LoL agency and then Marta also has a LoL agency
or
what
Marta LoL agency is also true is true is
true Look at you it's
true
look Marta Riesco agency contracts
[Music]
LoL okay
period is and now the
horn is the
same how
strong
anyway I'm not saying it to justify or
anything eh I'm not saying it to justify or
anything eh No, it's not a multi-account of
Marta Riesco, the horn is a
gossip account from a long time ago with
many followers, it has like 300,000
followers eh
Anyway it wouldn't have to have anything to
do with it, it wouldn't have to have anything to
do with it because These are agencies that go
looking for instagramers, titokers and people
to negotiate collaborations and that's it I
mean it doesn't have to have anything to do with it or
Marta knowing the quern or anything like that
apart
from that  the fact of the agency would not
necessarily have to have anything to do with it
eh to be honest it would have nothing
to do with it because they are an agency, I mean, I
can have now,
an agency hires me now, I can, I can, I can
make an agreement now with an agency
that looks for advertisers for me and I
give them a percentage of the advertisers
that look for me, you know, of the
promotions that look for me, I have no [ __ ]
idea what other influencer they carry, you
know, I mean, I wouldn't have to have it
But well, here Antonio is
saying that maybe they did this
wanting to put him in the story
so that the story would have more interest
because maybe by itself because of the
ingredients of Agustn and Olga, it
is not enough to
sell. Let's see if I can tell you one thing and
honestly, I hate Antonio's comment
a bit like that Maybe it's not too much, I
mean, not always the important thing. Hey,
Olga can also be news. Olga
also sells. But and Olga is loved by
many people, in fact, the Blue Tide was
very divided over the issue of the
separation, but really, man, if it
's too much of a coincidence, let's see, no coincidence at all.
coincidences don't
exist Yes yes there must be a
reason why these photos are coming out that
are from August
now I mean let's see if the photo
of the two of them kissing in
the street came out how the hell these photos weren't
released
before whoever took them I don't care I mean they are
released because for example if they had
released the photos on social media at the time
and now that the possible
breakup of Olga and Agustn has come up
Well they say Hey look how
Antonio David's Instagram story is worth as much as the
Instagram story that little poem
we read and such about La Barca al Remo Well you
say Hey well look now let's
link with this photo with this poem with
this one with Marta saying this and you make the
chronology you understand but
the photos are two photos that didn't exist
and they are two photos that are quite
interesting
Damn Yes the photo doesn't have to
be a Reconciliation on a romantic level
because they are
eh obviously two people who have
a lot of respect and a lot of love for each
other and and it's the best it's the best the
truth is  better you already know no and I
think you'll agree
with me but the fact that the photo is coming out now or
rather they've kept the photo until
now is strange it's
strange searching chasing something I don't
know I have no idea and I don't want to I don't want to
know absolutely anything about the
background of the story because I'm not
interested because it's not my life but at the
moment in which they put me or that
person in the story they put me in the story through
the use of some images from the month
of August specifically from the end of
August where that person had
broken up with their partner that other person
Obviously they always
respect when they say that person is he they're
referring to him okay and when they
say here he ter that person had broken up
with their partner they're referring to him with Marta
eh the times the people and they've never ever gotten
involved in absolutely
anything here when they said this there are a lot of
people on Twitter that I've seen you
saying but Antonia doesn't respect the
times because Olga I don't know what he's
talking about right now about Marta he's talking about
right now that Respect the times
of people I don't know what she's
talking about Marta but
anyways about this  clarification
I respect the
times on that clarification if he
hadn't broken up with Marta nothing happens
with this photo in my opinion eh In my opinion eh
In my opinion eh I don't know why he speaks
in the third person, the truth is I don't understand that
why it goes But well in my opinion
if he hadn't broken up with Marta
nothing happens with this photo also I tell you it would
n't be what it would be ideal for all
couples to end up like this when there are children
involved and and so
on I mean I love it when couples end up like this they
don't use the news of the breakup or
the non-breakup
or they call it what they call it the montage
or I don't know it makes exactly the same to me
montage I think it's montage
montage I'm going to repeat it but they use it
precisely with those images that
come from the end of August and they talk about there being
a Reconciliation Well that's
a
bite that's a bite let's see about using
the word Reconciliation I've also
done it these days between question marks
and those are titles I mean now let's get
picky with the titles when
we know how
this works as long as it's not offensive
The truth is I don't use
titles
ah
[Music]
[Music] I
release it to the next 10 members
okay to the next 10 members I
release it 10 members only to the
next 10 Members to the next
10 member gift I
release it I'm not in a hurry
eh Only we have it only
we have it I'm not in a hurry
Eh to the next ones I release it
[Music]
eh
the second requirement to count it is
that there are more than 1000 likes I'm
seeing that we are close to arriving and we are
almost 2000
people it's strong eh
strong it's strong it's strong
the info eh it's strong the
[Music]
info is very strong
i
[Music]
to
five members of Teresa
five members of
TT Paola out there release I see that many have
made members there are already
10 I promised to give it to the
10 and they
tell me the
following I have a very cold
forgive me for the
voice
source my source
Okay my source that I trust her
completely because this news  we
first released it on telesalseo a
month and a
half ago and that's infuriating that's really infuriating
because the same people who used to say it was
a
hoax now don't know how to
adapt it but what my source tells me
is
that Marta
riesco that Marta riesco the sibiri Thank you very much
the member sounds and I'm telling you
okay the member sounds and I'm telling you
that
Marta
riesco
the members sound and I'm telling you
okay Mia
m Mia
MIA
tiki tiki meow
meow piki piki meow meow
tki meow meow
my
source tells me I insist I can't prove it
obviously I can't prove it but I
trust this person
I trust this person at the level
of this source it's the same one that tells me
so that you understand the level of trust
okay this source is the same one that
tells me when that
photograph of Antonio David with some
friends is denied who said that he was with a
girl and she was the girlfriend of another friend that
that friend sent some audios to
deny the claims and such and such
denied it no and
this source also tells me a  a lot of
things not among them what is now being
confirmed the estrangement between
Olga Moreno and Agustn etin
Okay then I blindly trust this
source when
Javi tells me about Marta
riesco with the account This one with the
horn is not
what it
seems Marta
rieco we have the 1000 likes please we have
the 1000 likes tesa
Mimi we have the 1000 likes or not yet
because let's see if I'm going to be here saying
this and we don't have the 1000
Likes I don't care if you put Isa the
Source emoji I mean if in a
month they are always confirmed if all
the information I give is confirmed in
two or three weeks it's that I don't care
Mimi we have 1000
likes Marta
riesco knew about the
existence of these
photographs at the
time she
told her about the existence of these
photographs she told
Marta about it someone who works in
a
magazine Why that
magazine
Ana I love you Ana always loved you
very much Thank you for giving us five
members remember
everyone remind everyone that anyone who
gives away five members today look look what's
happening to me in the chat look look what's
happening to me in the chat look live look look
and with this I don't want any
controversy or anything like that But damn let's
see it really gets me angry a lot of
times when they accuse me of being
stupid
Look okay look with the five that
Ana just gave away look it's something common it happens a
lot
okay Marta
knew about the
existence of these
photographs because
someone who works at a magazine told her
that magazine knew about the existence of
these
photographs but they weren't
interested Why was that
magazine Why was
n't that magazine
interested in these photographs that are
quite
interesting that magazine wasn't interested it wasn't
interested in these
photographs Because that
magazine
published
an exclusive about Olga Moreno two weeks ago that would
contradict this
photograph
and
now
everyone can think what
they want about the horn and Marta
riesco I don't talk about what I don't know baby
become a member it means that that person
breaks up with their partner and gets back with their
ex and there's a Reconciliation and all
this is left as a
little bit that  it's part of the show right, the
show of the media
of the
written press, I don't think it's part of the
show. Let's see, I don't think it's part of the
show on the part of Antonia Vi in the
sense that if he is not aware that she
is taking these photos and
takes them, he doesn't blame her, okay. I have come to
think, to be honest, I wouldn't be lying to you if I
told you the opposite, that he could have
let himself be done, not this one but the
other photos, okay. Oh, by the way, one thing,
but well, I don't have proof, they are
personal thoughts and that's it, okay, I'm not
going to accuse someone of something that I don't
know about, okay, it fits me, it fits me, the
fact that it fits me. Tell it to the
place, stop it, please. You tell it to the place, please. My dear, about
that piece, finishing with this, what I'm
going to say now, please, it
could fit me that the magazines weren't
interested in that photograph because in
itself the photograph of the kiss in the
street is published in the magazine soon,
when one photograph ends up in the
magazine soon because they have been discarded
from all the
others. So, maybe if they
were the last ones with this photo,
they told him, go
away  they also report through
other media and so on but it really catches my
attention because that person they
put in this story who
has nothing to do with it or rather he is
referring to him It seems that no
one from any of those
media outlets has called her to
contrast whether the news of the
reconciliation is true or not
or if they have returned again as a couple or
not Let's see this thing that it does not contrast, yes, it
is true that it would be good to hire
but I also do not think that anyone has, I think
that no one has taken the literal thing about
a Reconciliation. I do not know, I think it is not
worth it but it is true that many
people say that Antonio avid
when you call him to contrast something he
tells you no, that he is going to
talk on his YouTube channel, I do not know if it
will be true or not, eh. Do not call that person
Christ regarding the
reconciliation It seems that that
person does not have to reconcile with
anyone because he has never fought with
anyone and has never had a problem with
anyone, among other things because,
well, they have been married for 22 years of relationship
22 years old, they are still joined by a
daughter they have in common and a respect and
a love here everyone has made their
life and will continue to do so however they want to do it, I
think I'm being very clear
Really no no don't use me I ask you
please to take me out of the equation
don't put me in your stories I don't
want to know anything I'm not interested in anything I'm not
interested in exclusives I'm not
interested in montages I'm not interested in
the movies behind all
this and the background of all this yes
and in this part I'm going to get a little
serious and I'm going to ask please know
who I'm telling this to, there's no need to
name it and I'm going to make contact okay I'm not
going to remember the past I'm going I'm going to go
directly to the present Here I'm not going to
mention anyone even if they mention
me
eh But well I think everyone
gets it for who is going to see It seems
very strong to me it seems wild that it is
used as a pretext as a defense to a
breakup of a couple that the reason
could be that that person has an
important piece of information the magazine soon only has
the one about the
kiss the other only has it
horn a minor daughter I'm going to remind you of
one thing do me a favor and don't talk about
minors okay since there is no one on the
other side who makes any statement
when referring to someone on the other
side I think it is very clear
who he is unhappy with also okay these are
things that are not understood We have already
talked about it in the past I do not talk about it
nor do I think it is
necessary
or that I write on Twitter or on
Instagram or there is no one it seems
Because here no one is interested no one is interested
since I am the father I ask you not to
talk not to talk about
minors again
well he is pissed off eh Because those are
things that Anton pisses off I the
truth is that here the truth is that I see it so
simple man try to respect what
a father is asking of you
eh let's see I understand that if one
of his children goes to the voice kit or Go
Talent well look kid son I can't
respect you I have to talk about it because it is you
know but or that the magazine was coming out
or something like that But I am that
in this sense I am so
clear whether I get along well or badly with the person
or the differences that there are It's  that
really I mean you have to be human You have to
be you have to be a gentleman you have to be
a gentleman
man I mean me first and you're all
witnesses eh all of Witnesses Antonio
David said Antonio David
said and he asked both magazines
and publicly that
his son's image not be used
for video titles for I don't know
what I'm keeping my mouth shut I respect that
but apart from that not because I'm
telling you Antonio David who would also
do it but because he's
telling you that the boy doesn't want it
used
anymore it's a person who is sitting on
some program or who is giving something to
talk about no Hey it has to come out
sometime indirectly because there's something for
example this trial that there was I don't know
what s cu Hey hey
like no but come on I don't know if he's
here in the chat yesterday they were there when I
was saying this same thing Andy Aiden
all the editors in the group
communicated new order that
this
boy not appear and that's it
man Hey one thing is that I'm here
live watching a video boom and
a video skips and it comes out and I can't avoid it
okay I can't avoid it you understand what I do
You know why  a lot of photos come out and it
's still very difficult for
the photo to disappear Okay,
but no, I'm not talking about a minor, I'm not talking about
a minor, but if the father is
asking you for the kid's name, man. I
mean, here, there's no other option, man, I
mean, things can be said without
mentioning minors, eh, let's say, not minors or
people who don't want to be
mentioned. It's that in this
sense, I really haven't respected something like that, look, there's Ivan on the other TV, direct communication is prohibited and any of the workers from my channels and from my team from the other TV can tell you the same. And Mich chavaleria.com is not even shown in
thumbnails or anything. It's worth it. And you know that
many
times they make rehashes and
videos and such, well, the Editors have to
take it and censor it in the thumbnail and that's it.
No, man. I mean, what's happening?
That can't be respected, there aren't enough personalities in the
show business. I really,
totally understand what they're telling me. Let's
see, we can't accuse or
point the finger, but it is suspicious that the
photograph appears on an
Instagram account just the day after.  about the thing about the
Instagram accounts, the
breakup and all that stuff,
no, no Marcela, but in that
sense, it's not that I do it to
defend him or not, but it's something that
I think has to be respected, man.
But because I put myself in
other people's shoes, I mean, and if I asked for that
publicly, uh, if I asked for that
publicly, I would get pretty pissed off that they didn't
respect it, uh, whatever the
relationship I have with others,
eh, Yeah, Alvaro. But well, what can I tell you,
Alvaro, it's not the same. Maybe a
family member who shows it to you in an
Instagram story than a YouTuber selling
gossip, I really understand. Whoever
doesn't understand it, whoever does
n't understand it, I would
appreciate it, you will understand, right? Do you know
who I am addressing this message to, therefore, there's
no need to even name it, it's more, I would
appreciate it if you would even remove it. Well,
thank you very much to those who
do or don't make montages or or such or don't
do them or want to do it, at least I
have been in this business for 28 years and I do
n't  I've never done it because I haven't
needed to because everyone knows my life
at least man I don't know a little bit of
intelligence It's true that you have to have It's necessary to have It's necessary to be smart to
do
things right and fit all the pieces together But at
least from the website it would be
interesting to remind you to remove the
photograph, right? That way at least it
gives perhaps more, more uh, veracity to all of
this, these are taken out because yes I don't remove the
photo because removing one part but
forgetting about the other is like a
bit of a sing-song to the rest of the satellites Hey
honestly, if I don't talk about anyone, why do they
keep talking about everything? Everything has a
beginning, everything has an end and You have to
accept it and go on living and the most
important thing of all, let
live I'm convinced that everyone We'll be
very happy
that little message for Marta riesco but the thing is that
I don't understand who hasn't understood that little message as if it's for Marta I
really don't understand who hasn't understood
that little message as if it's for
Marta I don't understand who hasn't
understood that
little message, the truth is Because I see it
clearly because I see it
clearly well  Let's see now if you like
let's watch a video of our
beloved Luca 24 hours heart which
is a channel to which you must
be subscribed called
urgent return of the King Emeritus to shame
to Leticia and he breaks her order by Leonor
okay Don't tell me
tesa seriously Wow how strong Hey here
the members How are you doing today we have
member tord in the bo
let's see we are we are in a
serious video please let's watch the video let's
see you know that the king left the king
emeritus you know that the king emeritus
left very upset because he wanted to
sleep the other day in the Moncloa and it
seems to be because not because because they
had to
the plans were for him to leave
at 10 and he had to leave at 10 and he
in the Moncloa well
[Music]
no visit bomb and serious controversy is
hidden behind the king emeritus Juan
Carlos the first for his return to Spain
tempted at the last hour that reaches us and
that does not make Queen
Leticia happy at all you know  who remained very very
stubborn in that the emeritus king Juan
Carlos I did not attend the swearing-in of the
Constitution of Princess Leonor and as a
result there were some problems
even marital with King Felipe
VI to prevent this visit Well pay
attention because just a few days after
his express trip to Spain to attend
this celebration that left him with a
very bad taste in his mouth the emeritus king is going to
return to Spain planted in the
sarsuela It's true that I said the
moncloa Let's see it's a place that I do
n't usually visit much Okay then
okay the sarsuela
okay okay okay it's a place I do
n't usually go to the truth is I've
never stayed there to sleep Look they've
invited me a lot of times Felipe man I
don't feel like it at night I have to
be here before go live Felipe
stop messing around man the WiFi is terrible
there face this way to Queen
Letizia and everything she imposes
From Zarzuela many people will say Well
really what is it that she has to
impose Well well Queen Letizia comes to
know by Many media  of communication
that they have published that she would not
agree with the constant visits of
King Juan Carlos I to Spain and she
considers that the best thing she can do
is self-imposed exile, be careful, because I have to
go see the king, you know, and I'm
telling you that the king sleeps in Moncloa. I
mean, I literally go there to look for
Felipe, I ring the bell, Felipe, and Pedro comes out,
what do you want? Abi, you've made a mistake
again. Sorry, Pedro, I haven't seen this house
for 4 years. Okay, it is
known that Movistar fiber does not
reach there, it is very remote, it gets
very poor coverage because what has
happened in the last few hours is
especially relevant. I am going to tell you
exactly the reason for
King Juan Carlos's visit, which is none other
than to demonstrate in a more
forceful way his ties with
our country on a day that is certainly
key for him. His intention is to
completely normalize his travels and even, when
the day comes, to settle in Spain and
live regularly here, that is, to establish his
habitual residence in Spain. At any
moment, says cool. Demon Javi makes
jokes about my father  clid Demon it's that
these people are giving him a gossip you're not in the
little one then there we make jokes about
young people moment in which as I tell you
eh he has his daughter-in-law against him who seems to be in
charge within the palace and pay
attention because that's not where things end. It
seems that it is the queen the Infanta
Elena and the Infanta Cristina who support him in
everything he does, not so his son King
Felipe VI who considers Well, these
visits do nothing good for the
institution at a time when
the population is demanding that
King Felipe VI speak out on the
pact between PSOE and eh jun Pet Cat eh You already
know, pu demont everything that has happened,
signing the it's not that the king is
asking the country it's that the king has to
speak out I don't know what it is that
King Felipe VI is considering the amnesty law would also mean
another problem added to the one he already has at
home mainly because many
consider that his father King Juan
Carlos I would never at any time have
allowed these limits to be reached and therefore it
seems that  King Felipe VI Well, on
many occasions he has received
serious criticism, including: What is he doing in
Denmark on a state visit, a
state trip when he should be in
Spain, and he is proposing an alternative to
the situation that is being seen, apart
from all this. As confirmed by En
Primicia, Vanita Tatis, a direct source from the
monarch's inner circle, it seems that the
emeritus king will travel to San Senso, for you
the last test of the Spanish Cup in
category 6, which will take place at the
nautical club of the Galician town on the
weekend of November 25 and 26,
so not this week, but
next week there will be King Juan Carlos
for a while and Queen Letizia is not going to be
the protagonist of this case. Hey, but do you
remember the last time he came to San
Senso, San Senso,
that Pilar Eire said
that the king had had several
cosmetic surgeries, do you remember that, we
were commenting on that, eh, the king
woke up yesterday with Agustn's screams,
you all totally think that the
king is playing
fortnite Pilar Eire said that he had had some little
touch-ups that
he looked like very well that he had had
some
operations that he looked more more to the
side more I don't know
what you remember about that
news it's going to be precisely his father-in-law
again in Galicia
gambal season and taking into account his latest
movements I would even dare to
say that King Juan Carlos would be
paving the way for Eh well to establish
his habitual residence in Spain Since
he himself confirmed to the press that his
idea was little by little Eh well more and
more frequently to come to Spain to
normalize his trip and above all to establish
his residence in this
country I see that as complicated the truth
I see that as complicated that he would have
interest in paying taxes in Spain the
truth is that I don't see that uh the truth is
that I don't see that family I don't know
what you think but I would say that I did
n't
have two more things to see on the
subject Daniel
Sancho I don't know if you want us to see them or
that either we leave what you want to do we
see them or we
leave he had two more things to
comment
on  on the subject Daniel Sancho I don't know if you
want to see them or we leave what do we
do I don't know if you want to see them or we
go see each other so I can see the
atmosphere to see if you're in the
mood or not or I go eh Let's
see if you're in the mood or not
eh we'll
see it tomorrow is Daniel
Sancho's trial Yes well surely by the time
people are seeing this
extract that hearing
that Daniel has today
Monday will have already taken place with the judge okay You know that let's
see I don't rule out that he will be
offended again eh because they were saying that it
was
complicated that it was complicated something
that they have to comply with and it is an
interpreter is an interpreter from
Thai to Spanish who knows how to handle himself
in legal terms okay the other time they
put it on by video call and Daniel
demanded that no that he has the right to
have him present and that's how it will be it's
true Jos Luis very good memory
tomorrow the kids there is also another
trial which is Lali's with the ex Well
this is what has come out an
inmate says that Daniel Sancho is an
idol in prison people talk a lot
about him I mean maybe
and with everything  the guy is
there as if he were an
influencer okay a woman inside
cosam mui has commented on and now they are
soles the attitudes that the
confessed murderer of Edwin Arrieta manifests is
strong decent and friendly Daniel Sancho
is very close to knowing the sentence he
faces after murdering and
dismembering the Colombian surgeon
Edwin Arrieta there are only 72 hours left
for the light to come out the good by
the time you are watching This video will have already been
okay it is that this news I think
is from yesterday or the day before
yesterday by the time you are watching This
video Most of them will
surely have already happened or whatever
I do not rule out what I have told you eh
I do not rule out that it will be suspended again
because it is mandatory that they do the
interpreter thing and they say that
the prison sentence or
death is complicated as contemplated by
Thai legislation in this type of
events eh The move is that if he
admits to the facts there is no more trial they
reduce the sentence and I think he remains
in permanent life
no and then he can go on getting it
reduced with his behavior okay me  I
imagine the Ahora son soles team that has been
installed in the Asian country
since the cook's confession came to light
has chatted with a prisoner
who is in the same
prison How how the journalists have
chatted with a prisoner who is
interned with him
how she recognizes that people talk
a lot about him because they know that he is the son
of a famous Spanish actor I find him
very handsome and elegant he is a strong man
a decent man and he is also friendly
Well a decent man tells you
eh ofu I'm noticing that I'm going to
get sick
family A kiss Rebeca sweetheart Thank you very much
for renewing that I'm going to get
sick
family that makes me
sick however she has never had any
contact with him because of a law
that prevents men and women from
maintaining contact inside
the prison she says that she got to know him
thanks to an inmate who sent her a
snack with a hidden message in a
wrapper she wanted to meet Daniel
because he appeared on television and his
news was very famous So she wanted to
meet him and greet him but there is only one
way to send messages with them
sending messages with a snack and if he receives
the message he can also eat he
told us  that he was fine the aforementioned
program has also revealed that the
prisoner shares Zelda with 10 other prisoners
sports yoga and reading are
part of his
daily routine in what he has left what he has
left But well or rather very friendly no but
well very friendly and a
decent man mother of God what you have to hear
what you have to hear no and then there
is also a video by trium
Eh To whom we send a huge kiss And
as always when trium is here
even though today it is not here well Hey I am going to
recommend it because yes no because we can
not the trium book trium Cry the
trium book okay you can find it on
Amazon goodbye kitties you have me fried
Well then I will pick it up or well I will not pick it up maybe I will
leave it like this we will see
[Applause]
eh let's watch the trium video that is
about the subject of the press conference
okay good and welcome to a new
video the first thing I want to do is
apologize for two things one of
them is that if you see me a little bad today
during the live well During this
video Better  said it is because I have a sore
throat oj another I am very bad
I have a very stuffy nose and
also my eyes are watering a lot let's say
I have a full blown cold and the
second thing is that for this reason
probably tonight we are going to
cancel the live and I don't think we will be
able to do it this week because I just got
sick
today I don't think that between now and tomorrow we
will be better to be able to do a
live show no so well apologize
for those two issues and we are going to go into the
details of what I wanted to tell you
in this in this video well today there was
a three-way press conference by the
defense in charge well the defense or the
legal firm in charge of the
defense of Edwin Arrieta I say three-
way because they have although the
press conference was in Madrid in which I
was I am going to read the names okay
because they are a little bit complicated Juan
Gonzalos Pina and Beatriz Uriarte there
was also a video conference with Colombia
where the lawyer Adriana
Beain was and in Thailand where the
lawyer uh or the lawyer Utana Promin and
Julien Ibiki are  gobich excuse my
pronunciation but you already know that and Grand
well what does this mean Well almost
three ways with the law firm that
Darlin hired when I came to Spain with
the Ospina firm and also with the one
in Colombia and with the
law firm that they managed to hire
in Thailand well this press conference
has highlighted some quite
interesting points the first is that they have
managed to appear in the case in
Thailand therefore on the 13th when
Daniel testifies before the judge they will be able to be
present eh comments the Thai side the
Thai legal defense side How good that Daniel is
going to ask for the capital penalty I mean
his sentence will probably be the
capital penalty but there is the
Royal Pardon and through which one can access
a reduction of the sentence up to a sentence of a sentence of life
imprisonment sorry I'm a bit
thick Ho okay so let's see in
steps family if I understand correctly the
death penalty is the maximum and then I
mean when they say
capital penalty when we say capital penalty
we understand that it is death
not
capital penalty it is the death penalty
not capital penalty it is the and penalty of  death
is exactly the same no, from there it
would be to life imprisonment and what
I don't know would be the next step If you go
down the next step If you
go down Well that's what the Thai side says
the
Colombian legal side says that
Edwin's family is not going to ask for the death penalty
because they are very religious and they
oppose that point Not in the sense that
they think that life
can only be given and taken by God
therefore the only thing they are going to ask for is that
well that he serve the maximum sentence but not
the death penalty eh And the Spanish side
well has been talking about the ins and
outs of the case has not said that if
Daniel pleads guilty on Monday Well
that he probably faces a
reduced sentence therefore it would be eh life
imprisonment or even a sentence
for years but that would be quite a few years
in reference to the family 50 years
Maria Teresa says that it would be the next
step 50
years but that is a lot not to be the
next
step it will be about 30 or in other words the
next step below
life I imagine that it will be about  30
25 30 has made one has wanted to give
through its
spokespersons because it has wanted to give is that it
depends on how you read the statement
you understand one thing or you understand another no
because what they say is that if they
had or Daniel Sancho his family
asked for forgiveness they would not oppose the
fact that part of the sentence that
corresponds to Daniel then he serves it here
in Spain no because they understand that it
is the son who committed the crime and
not the parents and therefore
putting him to serve his sentence in Thailand
is an affront to them more than
to the son no that well that would have to be
discussed the question is that they In
the event that this does not happen and they
see that it is not going to happen because of what they
say not because of the way in which they are
handling the matter Well if it is decided to
resort to that Daniel's family
requests his transfer to Spain then
they will appear in said case to
avoid it if the damage is not compensated how do I know
how the damage can be compensated Well
apart from Forgiveness logically
also paying the economic amount
that falls on him for  Well, for what he's
done, no, I don't think that's a requirement. In other
words, if they give him
compensation, they don't have to
compensate him. In other words, that compensation for
the transfer to Spain has to be
fulfilled. They say that they're not going to
ask for more than what the law dictates,
but
logically I think that what the
law dictated was the maximum, the maximum maximum, I think they
were talking about when, for the whole issue
of dismemberment and so on,
uh, 500,000 euros, something like that. I think
that's what they need. That's how do you say that
compensation? No, because in Edwin's death, it has been
a hard
blow for them, he was their economic axis, the whole
family apparently depended on him and
so he has left them in a
rather complicated situation, so, well, since
the surgeon is no longer here, well, the person
responsible for his death should
take charge. Regarding the compensation, no,
uh, logically, we all know how that
works. If the person responsible for the death
has no assets, then it will be very difficult for them
to pay that
compensation because they should take charge of
it because they are not responsible for what
their son does. No, one thing that  I do not
agree with the fact that Daniel's family
has to ask for forgiveness. I believe
that asking for forgiveness from Daniel, who is the one who
committed the crime, the family, I
understand that it is not his fault for what
his son does. No, the family. The family
and here at a given moment he has to
apologize and ask for forgiveness and show
remorse, which is even something
that is done a lot here in Spain, it is
something that is used, for example, at the time of a
pardon or at the time of something like that, it must
be the one who caused the grievance, that is, in
this case, Daniel Sancho must be the
person who asks for forgiveness and shows
remorse at a given moment.
Daniel's family, well, the family and he
has not committed any crime in that
sense, then I believe that asking for
the family to apologize is something that would not be
relevant, in my opinion,
a personal opinion, eh, in relation
to the issue of the trial, if Daniel
pleads innocent and does not accept the charges,
the lawyer commented, I believe that this is
the option that will be, eh, I mean,
I believe that he is not going to plead
innocent  because the lawyer the strategy
that he is carrying out is good the
plans and what he has organized in his
head Spanish the lawyer here from
Spain that we are probably going to
a process that ends with a trial or will
end with a trial probably in
March of 2024,
I have not understood very well this interpretation that he gives because
if we understand that if Daniel pleads
innocent he will go to trial in March
of 2024 it means that if he pleads
guilty the trial has to be now, that
is to say to finish the case and it would be
something quite a bit faster than the other
then I suppose that if he pleads
guilty Well in January or December we
would have the trial to see
what sentence he gets, not in regards to the issue of
whether he pleads innocent Well before
saying this, they have also said that his
legal representative in Thailand is going to appear
on Tuesday, that is to say on Monday the 13th Therefore,
during Daniel's statement they will be
present, he says that no
image of Daniel dressed in
orange will be seen, much less because it is not
public and that they will be able to be
present because they have adhered to the
pardon because they have  appeared in the
case But also if Daniel pleads
not guilty and goes to trial in March, they
will adhere to the prosecutor and can even
ask questions during said trial,
therefore, although we know that in
Thailand the private prosecution
has no place It seems that there is some
legal system or a
legal margin in which they can
protect themselves and appear together with the
prosecution, which is what they are going to do according to what they have
said and they can also ask
questions and interrogate the
witnesses, damn man What What How curious,
right, the country, eh, I mean, how
different, all the witnesses who say they are going to come
forward according to t that has been pointed out, eh,
the girl who rented them the
knife seller, other
people close to the rentals and the
hotel where the events occurred, I mean,
the people who were in the environment of
what happened, no. In addition, the defense has
said, the defense, no, sorry, the
prosecution, the side that defends Win
Arrieta, excuse me, you know what I
told you, I'm quite touched, it's m, he
said that probably or surely the
parents' statement will be requested
Edwin during said trial
logically it will be requested that it be
by videoconference since their
advanced age would
prevent them from moving to
Thailand, not from Colombia to Thailand, which we
know is a pretty difficult trip,
no, and that things are not as good as they can bear it,
the truth. So the defense says the
defense Pardon the lawyers of Edwin
Arrieta say that in case Daniel
Sancho pleads not guilty and there is a trial
in March, Well, Edwin's parents
are going to testify at the trial or they are going
to ask that they testify eh by
videoconference, in addition, since they are going to be
able to ask questions, they will be able to
question the Witnesses and they will be able to
question Daniel Sancho during said
trial. Eh, I see more shelf on the
Thai side, the
Thai lawyers are very clear they are going for the
death penalty, the sentence according to them
will be the death penalty, capital punishment and
well, although there is the Royal Pardon
that they can request, no, I believe
that they, just as you see, speak to those
from Spain and those from Colombia in one
way, you see those from Thailand in
another. No, those from Thailand are more
radical  no way no here it is this and
this is what there is no then of course Eh
In the end the trial is repeated it is
in Thailand if they are so
clear the Thais as much as there is
doubt who in Spain Well I also see a
point in favor of the fact that Hey,
if Daniel Sancho shows remorse
at a given moment and asks for forgiveness, then
the family does not oppose him serving
the sentence here in Spain but they have not
said a part they have said the sentence I
mean that even eh if
Daniel's lawyers asked and it was granted to him in
Thailand they would not be against it is what they
have said Although they also
tell you that they see it as unlikely according to what they
commented that this would happen no I mean that they would not
be against the transfer as long
as he meets those requirements that I
believe that in any case those
requirements are required by
Thai law, I do not know if the issue of
forgiveness but as they have another way of
executing justice Well the same Yes
but I had already heard about the issue that
the compensation
had to be settled in that in that aspect
that is already like a requirement  no the
Colombian lawyer for her part
has also said the emotional state of
the family, Edwin's two brothers,
the brother and the sister and the
parents well and her son, fatal eh doing doing
echoing Well, that it has
been a very hard blow not
only because of the fact of losing Edwin
but also because of all the
media repercussions that the case has taken and
has had So that they are
right now in a bad way and that what they want is the
prompt repatriation of
Dewin's remains so that they can give him a Christian
burial It's not that look, they still have
n't even been able to
bury him no I mean to do the
burial and and say goodbye to the
family anyway Well, how are they going to be
Well, they are terrible, of course, everything is super
recent and also this is no longer about
recent, not recent It's that this is about
years and years going to go by and And
this will never be overcome in a lifetime, this will
never be overcome in a lifetime family I'm
leaving it here I send you a huge hug I'm
going to go now to  The kids, take
a moment, I'm seeing that people are
sending me
things here and nothing. Tomorrow I'll organize a debate,
probably in the afternoon or evening. Okay, at
night. A kiss, family. Subscribe to
Trium. Okay, a kiss,
family.